feat(changelog): transactional-email-changed-increase-in-minimum-quotas 2024-10-17 (#3853)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/october2024/2024-10-17-transactional-email-changed-increase-in-minimum-quotas.mdx

---

> title: Increase in minimum email sending quotas

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Increase in default email sending quotas
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-10-17
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> We have updated the default email sending quotas to better align with your needs. The new limits are available on the [capabilities and limits](/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/)  page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization capabilities for managing your email volumes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have updated the default email sending quotas to better align with your needs. The new limits are available on the [capabilities and limits](/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/) page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization capabilities for managing your email volumes.
```

> We have updated the minimum email sending quotas to better align with your needs. You can view the new limits on the [Capabilities and Limits](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/)  page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization for managing your email volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have updated the minimum email sending quotas to better align with your needs. The new limits are available on the [capabilities and limits](/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/)  page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization capabilities for managing your email volumes.
```

---

> title: Increase in minimum Quotas

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Increase in minimum email sending quotas
```

status: changed
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-10-17
category: managed-services
product: transactional-email
---

> We have updated the minimum quotas for email sending to better meet your needs. The new values are available on the [Capabilities and limits] page. These changes provide greater flexibility and optimization for managing your email volumes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have updated the minimum email sending quotas to better align with your needs. You can view the new limits on the [Capabilities and Limits](
https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/)  page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization for managing your email volume.
```

> https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> We have updated the minimum email sending quotas to better align with your needs. You can view the new limits on the [Capabilities and Limits](
> https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/)  page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization for managing your email volume.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have updated the minimum email sending quotas to better align with your needs. You can view the new limits on the [Capabilities and Limits](https://www.scaleway.com/en/docs/managed-services/transactional-email/reference-content/tem-capabilities-and-limits/)  page. These changes offer greater flexibility and optimization for managing your email volume.
```
